35
The house sends you extra ammo for live fire exercises
Your warriors stumble across an abandoned parts cache
The regional commander grants you access to a supply depot
A local noble promises to help you stage a raid
Your liege appreciates your defense of the nation's borders
The regional commander assigns two new J27s to your formation
A wealthy merchant offers you access to his dropship fleet
One of your sister regiments sends you excess armor plating
You arrange for 'comets' to destroy a SHD-2H. Now the quartermaster owes you a favor!
An informant gives you information on opposing troop dispositions
The theater commander detaches a jumpship for your use
The local militia has become more skilled under your tutelage
Your troops hold a bake sale. The populace loves you!
A dropship arrived on planet, and needs outbound cargo...
You crush a guerilla movement
A mercenary unit arrives to take over your garrison duties
Your new aerospace jock is a duke's son.
Mom and dad are out of town! Keg party at the PLAYER family estates.
The planet's duke enjoys your company, and speaks well of you to your superiors
Local technicians offer to overhaul several of your mechs
You attended the same martial academy as your new regional commander
PILOT has won a local tourney in his/her UNIT
You return an escaped prisoner back to justice!
You find a modification to make the SHD-2H a decent mek! Your superiors promise to forward it!
PILOT has succesfully finished a secret mission in his/her UNIT
Your meks help build the new estate for the local commander 
One of your techs finds a way to optimize the weaponry on your UNIT
Your troops intercept an enemy shipment of beer. Morale increases dramatically!
Your commander gives you and your men a week's worth of R&R
An enemy soldier, your forces captured, provides crucial intelligence
Your men save a colony of squirrels from being roasted in an incoming bushfire!
On your last raid you turned loose a colony of rabid squirrels on your enemy's home planet!
You successfully conceal any evidence about your latest experiments with squirrels!
You successfully teach cows how to pilot meks. MOOOO
You intercept a message from beyond the outer rim about a pending attack. However Comstar quickly covers it up.
             